c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.Tests.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.Tests.pdb
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.Models.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.Data.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.pdb
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.dll.config
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.Models.pdb
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.Models.dll.config
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.Data.pdb
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Sharenest.Data.dll.config
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\obj\Debug\Sharenest.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\obj\Debug\Sharenest.Tests.dll
c:\users\bggad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sharenest\Sharenest.Tests\obj\Debug\Sharenest.Tests.pdb
